eosdacserver    UK            Europe
eosamsterdam    Amsterdam     Europe
cryptolions1    Ukraine       Europe
tokenika4eos    Poland        Europe
eosdublinwow    Dublin        Europe
eoscafeblock    California    N.America
blocksmithio    Oklahoma      N.America
eosriobrazil    Rio, Brazil   S.America
eosmesodotio    Guatemala     C.America
eosonoeosono    Tokyo         Asia
eoseouldotio    Seoul         Asia
eoscybexiobp    China         Asia
eosisgravity    China         Asia
eospaceioeos    China         Asia
eosasia11111    Taiwan        Asia
eosnairobike    Nairobi       Africa
aus1genereos    Sydney        Australia
eosphereiobp    Sydney        Australia

eos42freedom    UK            Europe
eosauthority    UK            Europe
cypherglasss    Minneapolis   N.America
teamgreymass    Michigan      N.America
argentinaeos    Argentina     S.America
eoslaomaocom	Tokyo         Asia

eosmedinodes    Spain         Europe
eosiodetroit    Detroit       N.America
eossocalprod	California	  N.America
costaricaeos    Costa Rica    C.America
alohaeosprod    Honolulu      Oceania
eosmetaliobp 	Iceland		  N.Atlantic



 
